Modify rule S2226: reworked rule description for LayC format [SONARJAVA-4490] (#2544)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2226/java/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

The `processHttpRequest` method and methods called from it can be executed by multiple threads within the same servlet instance, and state changes to the instance caused by these methods are, therefore, not threadsafe.

This is due to the servlet container creating only one instance of each servlet (`javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet`) and attaching a dedicated thread to each incoming HTTP request.
The same problem exists for `org.apache.struts.action.Action` but with different methods.

To prevent unexpected behavior, avoiding mutable states in servlets is recommended.
Mutable instance fields should either be refactored into local variables or made immutable by declaring them `final`.

=== Exceptions

* Fields annotated with ``++@javax.inject.Inject++``, ``++@javax.ejb.EJB++``, ``++@org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired++``, ``++@javax.annotation.Resource++``
* Fields initialized in ``++init()++`` or ``++init(ServletConfig config)++`` methods

== How to fix it

=== Noncompliant code example

> If the field is not changed, declare it `final`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the field is never modified, declare it `final`.
```
